# COMP615-Assignment1
This Assignment will use the dataset Beijing PM2.5 data as the research material. And the reason which is why I chose this dataset is the increase concentration of PM2.5 has already led to the serious problem of haze in northern China. Especially in winter, the air in northern China is often heavily polluted, which is seriously harmful to human health. The concentration of PM2.5 in the air is mainly determined by the emission of pollution sources and different meteorological conditions, such as temperature, wind speed, air pressure, etc. The concentration of PM2.5 sources in Beijing are mainly automobile exhaust emissions and industrial areas. High density energy consumption leads to serious air pollution problems in Beijing. The PM2.5 are suspended in the air for a long time, which is the main reason for the formation of haze weather. Besides, in northern China, the total emission of air pollutants is large and concentrated, which is an important reason for the high PM2.5 concentration in the air, and the adverse meteorological conditions make the pollution more serious. Meteorological factors can affect the dilution, diffusion, accumulation and removal of air pollutants, lead to the transmission of pollutants between regions under the action of atmospheric flow field, and quickly form air pollution characterized by high concentration of PM2.5 under the condition of high humidity and static weather. Therefore, this assignment will mainly focus on the relationship between the PM2.5 and the other weather factor such as Dew Point, Temperature, the wind direction and speed, pressure, raining time and different time periods would affect the concentration of PM2.5. With the result of this assignment. I would assume and find the concentration of PM2.5 will have some relationship with weather and various time. For the question that will be discussed, the research area will be in the entire Beijing city and the resource for this research have umber of PM2.5, Dew Point, Temperature, wind direction, wind speed, pressure, raining time and a select period time (hours) between the March 1 2010 to December 31 2014.
